docs: compliance (#36016)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/content/guides/database/hardening-data-api.mdx

title: 'Hardening the Data API'
---

Your database's auto-generated Data API exposes the `public` schema by default. You can change this to any schema in your database, or even disable the Data API completely.

> Any tables that are accesible through the Data API _must_ have [Row Level Security](/docs/guides/database/postgres/row-level-security) enabled. Row Level Security (RLS) is enabled by default when you create tables from the Supabase Dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any tables that are accessible through the Data API _must_ have [Row Level Security](/docs/guides/database/postgres/row-level-security) enabled. Row Level Security (RLS) is enabled by default when you create tables from the Supabase Dashboard. If you create a table using the SQL editor or your own SQL client or migration runner, you_must_ enable RLS yourself.
```
